SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 13 (#11320)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/project-structure.md

Reorganize the repository so that any existing *\*.csproj* files are removed and a single *\*.csproj* file is created that targets multiple frameworks. This is a great option because a single project is able to compile for different frameworks. It also has the power to handle different compilation options and dependencies per targeted framework.

> ![Create an csproj that targets multiple frameworks](./media/project-structure/project-csproj-frameworks.png)

Reviewer: Image name suggestion:
```suggestion
![Create an csproj that targets multiple frameworks](./media/project-structure/multi-targeted-project.png)
```

If there are existing projects that target older frameworks, you may want to leave these projects untouched and use a .NET Core project to target future frameworks.

> ![.NET Core project with existing project in different folder](./media/project-structure/project-csproj-different.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![.NET Core project with an existing project in a different folder](./media/project-structure/separate-projects-same-source.png)
```
